OFFER LETTER

Date: 3rd March 2026

Dear Ms. Priya Nair,

We are pleased to extend to you an offer of employment with Brightpath Technologies Private
Limited ("the Company") for the position of Software Engineer II, reporting to the Engineering
Manager, based out of our Bengaluru office.

This appointment letter sets out the key terms of your employment with the Company.

1. DATE OF JOINING

1.1 Your date of joining will be 1st April 2026. This offer is contingent upon successful completion
of background verification and submission of the documents listed in Annexure A.

2. COMPENSATION

2.1 Your annual Cost to Company (CTC) will be Rs. 18,00,000/- (Rupees Eighteen Lakhs only), the
detailed CTC breakup of which is enclosed in Annexure B.

2.2 Salary will be paid monthly, on or before the last working day of each month, subject to
applicable statutory deductions.

3. PROBATION

3.1 You will be on probation for a period of six (6) months from your date of joining. Confirmation
of employment is subject to satisfactory performance during the probation period.

4. NOTICE PERIOD

4.1 During probation, either party may terminate this employment by giving fifteen (15) days'
written notice or payment in lieu thereof.

4.2 Post confirmation, the notice period required from either side shall be sixty (60) days, or
payment of gross salary in lieu of the notice period (or part thereof).

5. BOND / SERVICE COMMITMENT

5.1 In consideration of the specialized training provided to you in the first twelve (12) months of
employment, you agree to serve the Company for a minimum period of twelve (12) months from your
date of joining. Should you resign before completion of this period, you shall reimburse the
Company a sum of Rs. 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh only) towards training costs, on a pro-rata basis.

6. NON-COMPETE AND NON-SOLICITATION

6.1 During your employment and for a period of six (6) months following its termination, you shall
not, directly or indirectly, engage or participate in any business that competes with the Company's
business within India, nor solicit any employee or client of the Company.

7. CONFIDENTIALITY

7.1 You shall keep confidential all proprietary and confidential information of the Company, both
during and after your employment, in accordance with the Company's separate Confidentiality
Agreement, which forms part of this offer.

8. GOVERNING LAW

8.1 This offer letter and your employment shall be governed by the laws of India, and courts at
Bengaluru shall have exclusive jurisdiction.

Please indicate your acceptance of this offer by signing and returning a copy of this letter within
seven (7) days of the date above.

We look forward to welcoming you to Brightpath Technologies.

For Brightpath Technologies Private Limited

______________________
Head of Human Resources
